[Music]
my name is Justin marks we're here at
beautiful Laguna Seca Raceway in
Monterey California
[Music]
you know these technical racetracks
they're very difficult to get right but
they're very rewarding when you do when
you put it lap together here at Laguna
Seca it's like a like you almost didn't
know what happened I mean you come
across start/finish line and you're like
man that was Amelia it was perfect and
it just has a rhythm to it has a flow to
it that you don't find a lot of
racetracks in America in that respect
it's it's one of my favorite racetracks
top three on my list in North America
[Music]
and
first time I ever sat in the race car
was here at Laguna so it's always you
know it's held a special place for me
special place in my heart
[Music]